INT
Intern? What is that, a little league sport?
Broooo you’re so annoying!
Totally killing my vibe right now.
Hey dude? This is my space. Don't encroach on my space.
I’m busy getting my fantasy league together.
*He pretends to dribble a basketball and dunk on you*
You want me to work? On these computers? Dude, they're as old as the Olympics, I'm surprised they aren't just stone.
Sorry man, Sunflower Showdowns this weekend. Gotta prep.
I'll make you my famous octuple layer dip if you leave me alone.
Yeah yeah yeah, do you wanna come by and watch the game later?
No dude you don’t understand, it’s the Masters tournament right now. I GOTTA sit here and watch it.
Noo!! The imps ate all my protein powder.
I AM on excel, I’m just tracking college football player stats.
I know we're in hell but I gotta keep up with every school’s football team, it’s my thing.
Yeah, college AND high school. Find a hobby you’re dedicated too man, it’s fulfilling.
*He starts shadow boxing a computer*
*He pulls up a photo of a softball team from decades ago, a single tear falls down his face*
Hey, do you wanna come play on the office basketball team?
*You look over his shoulder to see him designing a flyer for a football watch party*
Huh? What? Sorry, listening to my sports podcast.
In hell every sports season happens at the exact same time, all the time. So I have a LOT to keep up with right now, buzz off.
PER
Okay okay fine, but only if you promise to join my chess boxing team.
Fine! Fine! But if I miss Tony Hawks comeback live-stream for this, you're dead.
Ugh, you got me, fine! *He shotguns a protein drink, cracks his knuckles, and gets to work.*
Maybe it'll be easier to do if I treat it like a sport. I'm gonna soooo win this teams meeting!
You're right! The office is like a big team, I should be pulling my weight.
*He sighs and takes off the jersey he had underneath his clothes before logging into his computer*
Okay! Get off my back dude I'll do it, but tomorrow I'm taking a four hour break to watch ESPN.
Y'know what little man? You're right. The greatest sport of all is Excel.
Wait what did you say? Word Championship? Holy shit! I better start training
Dude you're so right, I gotta get my employee player stats up.
*He grabs a keyboard and swings it like a baseball bat dangerously close to your face*
You're like, a quarter of my size, why should I listen to you?
*He watches a game on his phone, something clearly goes wrong because steam starts to billow out of his nose*
Dude seriously you're getting on my nerves.
I'm trying to be nice but you're pushing it…
You've got real Yankees fan energy right now dude.
I’ll throw you like a football if you don’t get out of my face.
I'll give you a quarter of what I win from sports betting if you shut up and leave.
Sure, whatever, my desk is a mess. It's like a piece of my man cave.
*You look away for a moment, and turn back to see him breaking a keyboard over his head in victory over some team’s win*
*He throws a baseball dangerously close to your face*
*He uses his tie as a sling and throws a mouse across the office*
Get out of here!!
You, me, the labyrinth, tonight, we'll see who can really do their job.
I hope you lose your fantasy league!
*He lets out a ferocious roar and then kicks a soccer ball at you, you're confused on where it came from.*
Listen, unless we're getting a trophy for doing this, I don't care!
This job is the worst sport ever!
*He scratches at the ground and looks like he's about to charge*
*Steam billows from his nose as he tries to do his anger management breathing excersises*
